you may know the NBA all-star game
happened Sunday night here in LA every
year before the all-star game and before
the NBA Finals they have a media day
this is where they allow sports
reporters from all over to talk to the
players and Guillermo is at all of these
events now Guillermo has been trying to
get an interview with LeBron James for
six years you said right five-six years
yes five or six years you said six
earlier now yeah no six I think it's
very frumpy of you to do that no I think
it's six we're gonna have to hear from
your spokesman to find out whether it's
been five or six years no six years six
years all right but LeBron never seen
wants to talk to Guillermo and we don't
understand what has happened I mean it
did you not have any idea did you do
anything no nothing how does no reason
for there's no reason he'll walk right
by you he doesn't you yell at his name
he doesn't turn his head nothing nothing
he's not even say hi nothing nothing
will it be the year that the King
finally grants Guillermo z' interview
wish let's find out now here is
Guillermo with the NBA all-stars hey
bron-bron hey Brock hi it's me Kiera mom
here with NBA all-star and today I'm
gonna talk to the Bron James finally
[Music]
and mr. Larry
you just got traded to Cleveland how
does LeBron James smell
how does he work how does LeBron James
smell good I mean most the time around
him after game so you know none of us
smell good
how you doing everything good good hey
are you happy with you
cable provider I'm not happy I don't get
HD yeah you get HD I do yeah and mr.
Lewis who do you hate more the players
or the game who do I hate most yeah
never hate the player you gotta hate to
get played
no never how are you everything good hey
what is your favorite body part are you
not me
were you from I'm from Finland all right
this is fiendish a Mr curry if you had a
chance to take a shower one of our NBA
players who would it be
thanks person you got it I got it now
you asked the question how much hair
products that you put in every morning
oh I'm gonna use it oh it's nice yeah
necklace to the bronzer yeah
is that it's a friendship necklace so
I'm gonna keep the other half yeah he
never talked to me so I want you to give
it to him okay so we can become friends
best friends yes
hey have you seen LeBron yeah dude we
just practiced together ain't you seen a
good move oh yeah he seems pretty cool
today yeah what should I ask him I'm
trying to so he can open up to me what
should i he doesn't like you huh he
doesn't like me
that's all you bro
every year I had to talk to you bran
he'd never talk to me
[Music]
just one question that's the one great
day Hey how are you bran are we okay now
it's time for - to see what when you
brought change excuse me excuse me
excuse me excuse me
yeah excuse me sit up here and talk
about what's really important and how I
can help change kids not only in America
but in Brazil Mexico Mexico I've been
waiting for you to talk to you mr.
LeBron for many years I just want to say
mr. LeBron can you describe your perfect
salad I don't have a perfect salad just
a lot of protein protein I need a
vegetable
I don't fruit Chinese chicken salad
that's cool wow I did
[Applause]
[Music]
or ridiculous you truly are this
generations Barbara Walters congratulate
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on